# Motivation
Why TRS updates rarely happen and general sentiments towards ro football

If you know me, then you'll know that I've never really enjoyed playing MPS. I've never been good at playing MPS nor do I want to commit time into improving my skill in MPS. In fact, the only ro football game I've ever enjoyed is TPS. I think that TPS does a very good job at making gameplay more 'flexible' in a way if that makes sense, unlike MPS which is very 'stiff'. Being able to dribble in the air, combine different actions to create different forces to the ball, the general fluidity of the ball when hit and the animations all combine to make such an enjoyable game. However, there are a lot of problems with TPS which makes it sometimes unplayable and annoying to play at times, issues that MPS doesn't have. Despite all of the issues though, TPS is still far more enjoyable than MPS.

My first real taste of MPS was RSU, and it's the one of the only MPS games that I ever enjoyed playing. I remember so many funny memories from scrims inside that pitch. After I stopped actively playing RSU, I moved onto making exploits for ro football games. Making exploits was my first experience with programming, and while the exploits were usually of a low quality, it was fun finding ways to mess up random pitches and troll in scrims. While my scripts were usually of a low quality, since I was the only person in the ro football community making scripts at the time, I made a lot of robux selling scripts which usually took me around an hour to make, around 15k in total over a 5 month period. This was also my first experience making robux on my own. No longer did I have to go onto those robux websites and do surveys for a total of 100 robux each. The relatively slow but steady flow of robux motivated me to continue making scripts, even though I was getting quite annoyed at people dming me every single day with some stupid question around the end stages of me selling exploits. Why I stopped however was because my biggest selling script (the universal HBE script) being leaked. It was bound to happen, and even I knew it was going to happen at some point when I continued to sell scripts. I couldn't be bothered to obfuscate the script every single time someone dmed me asking to buy the script so I simply sent them the full src everytime they bought. Even though I was self aware that it was going to be leaked one day, I was still angry when I found out. Why would people buy it if they could just find the free leaked version somewhere else? I tried to salvage the situation by quickly obfuscating the script and introducing a key system, however the damage was done. I quickly noticed the sales dropping and didn't know what to do. This is when my first drop of motivation happened in programming happened. I decided to stop making exploits for the most part and idly collecting sales from whoever still wanted to buy.

A few months later with nothing interesting happening I suddently got an urge to code again, however I wanted to create a game this time. Here comes [MPS 5 a side](https://www.roblox.com/games/8126978770/MPS-5-A-Side-DISCONTINUED). This game had different uncopylocked MPS game assets all sewn together which culminated in a buggy mess. This was like Frankenstein if he was a roblox game's code base. The stuff that I did write in worked sometimes, like the player rating system. It's very basic but I thought it was pretty cool at the time. Keep in mind, this game was made before getting your league's source code leaked was an inevitability. My only experience of a game's codebase was viewing TPS's countless fixer scripts and the countless s4nchez MPS uncopylocked forks which come up when you look them up on the experience page, which explain how messy it is. While I was motivated at the start of this project, after around a few days I got very bored very quickly and I decided to just release with all the bugs still currently in. Keep in mind I only worked on the game for around 2 hours a day. Obviously, the game ended up failing and I once again went quiet for a few months.

After all this, it had only been around a year since I started programming, but even then it was all very basic things and very on and off. I was around mid 13 when I first started making exploit scripts and now early 14 when Demofocus came in. I remember he sent a TPS 13/14 remake Tayfun sent him and he was revamping it. I was interested and joined the server where he posted updates on it. We didn't really do too much together until he posted some bug with UI that was happening and I suggested a fix to it. He tried the fix and then it worked. After that, he started dming me whenether he had a problem he wanted to solve but couldn't figure out how to. I was pretty interested in the project and thus I helped even sometimes it was quite annoying trying to explain things to him sometimes. The problem with this was that he couldn't team share the game with me or something so I could write in fixes manually since Tayfun didn't let him and so he continually had to post snippets of code and I would suggest a change and wait for a response and then get an update on whether it worked or not. Obviously, this was very counter productive and eventually I assume demofocus' motivation for the project dropped
